Hi everyone. Today's Monday, April the
6th. My name is Anne-Marie Band and this
is the money ball morning report.
Charts by TrendSpider and Gamma Flows by
Menta Q.
We are taking a look at the E-mini S&P.
They are back It is bouncing
uh quite a bit actually. But if you saw
Market Kick Off last night on Topstep
TV,
you know that this was my premise that
we would
really try to get ourselves further to
the north and ultimately connect with
this 200 simple moving average.
A lot of this is simply an oversold
bounce. So if you're thinking to
yourself, wait a second. We've got all
this awful news and the market is just
holding up. What's happening?
Oversold bounce
and
the buyers who are normally in charge
are just trying to bring us back to
center.
On top of that, what we're looking at is
a market that's very well hedged. Okay?
So let's take a peek at
what we are staring down on the
30-minute chart.
We had our opening 30-minute formation
that stayed in that pocket for about 2
hours before breaking out. That's going
to be the go no go line in my mind and
that's 6588.
It's also right on top of value area
low, which looks to be
about 6591. So that area between 6588
and 6591
gives us our frame of reference. It also
happens to be Thursday's
um
Yeah, Thursday's
pivot.
Today's pivot is 6613.50.
Let's talk about location. What's our
What's our location? Well, we're above
the pivot. We're above the 50. We're
above the VWAP and we're above the 200.
The slopes
of the 50 and the 200 are
gently upward.
Slope of the VWAP also gently upward.
But we are caught in a sideways patch.
You can see that by
the volume profile here. We've got about
mhm We've got a few days
sitting right in this zone
between
>> [sighs]
>> 6653
all the way down to 6590.
Could we continue upward? Yes,
absolutely. The traders are going to
want to unwind some of their positions
and I see that happening.
As long as we hold the pivot and all of
these moving averages, we should have
bullish pressure. The line in the sand
that says, wait a second. We might have
a deeper dip.
will occur if we lose that pivot at
6613.50.
As long as that stays there, we're okay.
If we lose that 6590,
we could easily fall into the 200. On
the upward pressure,
we've got well, the call wall still up
here at 6800, the put wall at 6500
below.
The zero DTE call wall 6700, the zero
DTE put wall 6550.
That's a lot of range.
As it sits currently,
momentum is above the midpoint
and
trend is up. So dips are going to be
buys.
This is my thought. Watch that VWAP. If
it sits right in the current area around
this 6610 to 6620 zone,
we are going to build some traction
here. Notice all of the primary motion
is in that zone. Just be careful. Right?
Dips are buys.
Look at what the trend is showing us.
Here is 6:00
and then
4:00 a.m.
So right now, we are battling at the
4:00 a.m. open.
Just losing it.
If we fade
into that 9:30 time frame,
we could easily come back to the opening
range. Very, very easily.
All of the bounces have been sold off.
So we would expect the bounce to be sold
off here as well.
Let's go to the NQ.
All right, let's take a look at the
daily chart first.
So look at where the 200 is. Pretty far
away. 25,000
and 26. The 200 and the 50 colliding.
200 up,
50 down. Momentum dancing around the
midline. From a daily perspective, this
is pretty awful. It's very sideways and
you can see where we're sitting right in
the middle of
the value area. So
choppy to say the least.
Let's take a look at the 30-minute. What
do we see?
Well, here's the pivot at 24,163.50.
We are above that line,
that pivot. We are above the 50. We're
above the VWAP. We're above the 200 and
our momentum is above the midline. So
what does this tell us?
Dips are buys.
Notice the range of the formation.
Gives us a value area high 24,280.
Value area low 24,035.
That's also Thursday's
pivot region anchor VWAP.
The gamma lines that slip us from
positive to negative gamma. We flipped
positive gamma right now both in the ES
and the NQ cuz we're above the blue line
and so that's what we're staring down.
Those pullbacks give us the buy zones
and we can move to the upside from
there.
Where would the ideal pullback be?
It would be somewhere close to the VWAP,
my thoughts. And that's about 24,200.
If we lose this area at 24,150,
could get really choppy.
But you know, it's it's still doable,
right? You You'll You can still buy that
dip. Losing it, however, you're going to
have to get out of the way, I think.
There was, you know, another 100 points
to the south.
Support level is really 24,000
thereabouts. That's the next support
level on
uh the pivots. Okay? But dips are buys.
It's bullish. We are below the 4:00 a.m.
candlestick. Actually, no, we're dancing
right at it and we've recovered.
We're trying to recover it. And that's
24,309.
Remember, if we lose it and start
trending lower, it's very likely that we
come back into the opening tick.
Okay? Super likely. So we have to watch
for trend to continue. To me, it looks
like it's going to be a sideways day.
If you want to take a look at the YM,
here's what's happening here. Very
quickly.
There's the 200 at 47,579.
It's right in the middle of value.
It's very messy. This one is truly very
messy. If we take a look at the
30-minute chart,
the big thing to watch is where are we
with relation to the pivot and we are
actually right on the pivot as we speak.
46,703.
We're above the VWAP. We're above a flat
50 and we're above upward sloping 200
with sideways momentum. Still a little
bit above zero. What does that tell me?
Dips are buys. Where's the nicest dip?
Right here in the low volume node.
Perhaps it comes in and kisses that 200
and that 200 is sitting at 46,450.
Let's take a look at Bitcoin.
So
Bitcoin has got a bounce.
Here is the chart. You know, we're
sitting in here. This is
a trimodal or multimodal distribution
event with the biggest volume sitting up
at this 90,000 area.
Right now, it's building a new framework
between 65,000 and 75,000 and it's done
that for 2 months.
Dips, buys. Comes into 75,000 and sells
off. So could you say, hey, I want to
buy it. You can, but this 50 on the day
is stopping you
from being all warm and cozy with that
kind of trade.
Could you roll past it
with strength?
You could. But momentum is definitely
not telling you that you will. So my
thought is the bounce up into 70 72
today should bring selling
opportunities.
So let's take a look.
Let's talk about where we are.
Here's our pivot. It's sitting wow,
that's right at the point of control
67,148.
We are well above that.
My thought is that we do run into some
significant trouble between 71
thousand and
72,000.
71,700
something like that.
Where are we in relation to motion?
Well, we're above the Vwap.
We're above the 50, we're above the 200.
200 flat, 50 slightly undulating very
far away from price
and above the Vwap. This is the max demo
line, which means it's overshot its
entire day already.
So we'll have to see. Could it pull
back? Of course.
I'm looking at that 30-minute opening
candle. Let's for grins. Let's draw
Fibonacci since this candlestick is so
big.
And you can see it's almost at the what
is this? One, two.
Two and a half.
And here it is sitting at
that two and a half area.
So this should be a bit of resistance to
pull back. Could you try to go long at
69,000?
Of course you could. You easily do that.
You want to keep your stop tight. Okay?
Keep your stop tight. That's pretty
important. Momentum very high.
But also
bleeding a bit. All right. So you you
want to be careful there.
Let's go to oil.
Let's take a look at the daily on oil.
Overnight formations give us this prior
high, but we still have the high about,
you know, almost 120 where it was when
we first broke down. So that's kind of
important. We still aren't there yet.
I don't know if traders are getting a
little bit of war fatigue
and so they're going to say well,
business as usual, but there is a
reckoning coming
because the disruption
is
pretty extreme. As a matter of fact,
reading Asian news they've got all of
these uh lockdown places and protocol to
keep people from using a lot of energy.
So a lot of things are work from home,
remote,
um a lot of
uh all the government offices are on um
a four-day week. Schools and
universities are shut for 2 weeks. It's
it's very interesting. It feels
COVID-esque,
of course for totally different reason.
But this is what is going on in the
Asian nations as they grapple with
fuel constraints.
Uh you know,
we aren't there.
Chances are we won't get there, but it
looks pretty rough for the rest of the
world at this juncture. Okay.
Where is the value area high? That's all
the way down at one $104.66.
Right now, we are sitting above the
pivot which is 107 ish.
But we are below the Vwap
and below an upward sloping 50, but
above an upward sloping 200. Momentum
clearly
fading. But remember when trend is up
and momentum fades, they're simply
looking for support. Where is that
support? Well,
it could be
110, which is where the anchored Vwap
is, $110, or it could be $104.66.
I would anticipate that if we had any
kind of wicking action down we would
spike upward. Now, the problem is
how the futures look and how spot looks
is really very different. And that's
because there's a surcharge
on spot fuel, particularly Brent. Spot
fuel that I think I read this morning
that it's $18 up over the price the
Saudis are charging that spot
additive and so still makes it, you
know, $40 $50 higher than what we have
here. So that being said dips are buys.
Trend is up, but
we could have ourselves a mean reversion
to fill in the value area over here to
the left between 104 and 107.
So finally what looking at the futures,
let's finally take a look at gold.
So where is gold?
It's battling with its value area high.
Notice also
multimodal distribution here, so it's
pretty choppy.
They bounced off of the put wall, which
has been raised actually. Put wall now
and call wall
is
4976.
If we start Oh, maybe it is
No,
that's that's about right. It's It's
close to 5,000 that call wall. So let's
take a look. Where's the pivot?
Well, it's right in the middle of all
the noise. We just
broke above it. And so as it sits, we're
above the pivot, we're above the Vwap,
we're above the 50, we're above the 200.
All of that says dips are buys.
The dollar is running the show.
It is still the flight to safety. As I
mentioned, it's not always going to be
the flight to safety, but it is now. And
so as the dollar rises gold is going to
feel the pressure of weight. As the
dollar pulls in, gold is going to be
able to take a breath. So very quickly,
let's take a look at
USD
Let's go to forex.
E
R
Okay.
So here's what's happening. This is the
dollar
versus the euro. Right? And so when this
goes down
it means that the dollar is rising and
when this goes up, it means the dollar
is falling because what it's measuring
is how many dollars it takes to make a
euro and that's 86 cents. I don't know
if they can do it
They do it backwards.
There we go. This tells us better.
Right? So this is measuring the dollar.
Dollar goes up.
The flight to safety, it's going to
weigh on gold.
Dollar comes down, it's going to give
gold that little bounce. All right? And
so that's what we're seeing.
Whoopsie.
That's what we're seeing in this little
area right here. So
what are we looking at? Dips are buys. A
lot of support down here at 4642.
Put wall
4580.
Call wall zero DTE call wall 4750.
You know, you take those zero DTEs with
a grain of salt
unless you see all of the heavy
congestion. I think this chart is in
sideways pressure. But again,
um there's another portion of the world
celebrating the Easter holiday that has
today off.
Okay?
Let's go to spy.
All right, so what is spy doing?
Again, trying to get up into the 200
$663
is what's going on here. Um
value area low not until $673.
So we've got, you know, a lot of room
upside. If we go to the 30-minute chart,
let's just do
our general analysis. Where we sitting?
Above the pivot. That pivot is $653.
Are we above the Vwap? No, we're below
the Vwap, but the Vwap is generally
upward trending.
So the dips are buys. You might go,
yeah, but it's Donald Trump here. Yes,
they're hunting for sport. Here is a
flat 50 simple moving average, a flat
200. I would not be surprised to see us
come all the way back down.
Okay? If we build pressure at $653,
where the pivot is,
it'll give these moving averages a
chance to lift.
Which, from a seasonality perspective,
it tells us we've got that upward flow.
Let me show you that.
Um
Let's Let me Let me show you that. Uh
Let's look at it for spy.
I start looking at these in the morning.
If we stare down spy, we can see that
it's fairly sideways here. Little bit
up, little bit down, but if we go to
presidential election years, you can see
we've got the midterms. You can see
we've got a lot more negative drift. It
tells us that we should have a bounce
coming in a couple of weeks or in the
next week, and then a fade
um
into May. I know a lot of us think, how
can that possibly work? But, my friends,
it sure does. All right.
>> [clears throat]
>> So,
those are our levels that we want to
stare down.
Momentum very positive.
So,
sitting above the moving averages and
having positive momentum, except for
this dip, it says, hey, let's find
support and try a bounce. That could be
the anchored V web from the last full
trading day at $653.
All right, folks, that's it. Take care.
I'll see you soon.